Raincalls, INC. WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

Thank you for visiting the Raincalls, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) website located at raincalls.com (the “Site” which is owned and operated by Raincalls, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”). The Site was created to provide information about our Company and services. We value the privacy of our visitors (“you,” “your,” or “user”). To protect your personal information, we have implemented the following Privacy Policy with provisions that apply to the collection of data by the Company, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates. The Site is property of the Company. This Privacy Policy addresses our treatment of personal information and other information that we collect when you visit or use the site and/or use the various contact forms and/or contact information made available on the Site (collectively, the “Contact Services”). The Contact Services, information and services provided through the Site shall be the “Site Offerings”. Our Privacy Policy discloses the type and nature of information we collect and how we use it, as well as the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We also explain how any requests for personal or personally identifiable information will be used. If you follow any links that direct you away from the Website, this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activity on the other websites you visit. We do not control the privacy policies or the privacy practices of any third parties. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Raincalls Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”).  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE OFFERINGS.

Please note, if you are a resident of a European Union Member State (“EU Resident”), you are not permitted to use the Site and/or Company Offerings (as defined below).

Please note, if you are a resident of California, Company may have accessed your personal information in connection with Company’s role as data broker, as that term is defined in California Civil Code section 1798.99.80 et seq.  California State residents should Click Here for our privacy policy applicable to the collection, storage and use of the personal information of California State residents in connection with our role as a data broker.

 

 

Background

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information and other information that we collect when an end-user visitor to the Site (“User,” “you” or “your”): (a) accesses or uses the Site; (b) accesses and/or views any of the videos, audio, stories, testimonials, text, photographs, graphics, artwork, information and/or other content featured on the Site, as made available by Company (collectively, the “Content”); (c) accesses information pertaining to Company’s various marketing products and/or services (collectively, the “Company Services”); (d) utilizes the contact form and/or other functionality as a means to request being contacted by Company (collectively, “Contact Services”); (e) accesses information regarding employment opportunities with Company (“Career Opportunity Services”); and/or (f) accesses links to Company’s social media pages/accounts on third-party social media websites, such as Facebook®, Instagram®, LinkedIn® and Twitter® (collectively, “Social Media Pages,” and together with the Site, Content, Company Services, Company Platform, Contact Services and Career Opportunity Services, the “Company Offerings”).  

Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Raincalls Terms and Conditions (“Terms”).  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE COMPANY OFFERINGS.

Instagram® and Facebook® are registered trademarks of (“Facebook”).  LinkedIn® is a registered trademark of LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn”).  Twitter® is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc. (“Twitter”).  Please be advised that Company is not in any way affiliated with Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter, and the Company Offerings are not endorsed, administered or sponsored by Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter.

 

 

 

Your California Privacy Rights

The following does not apply to individuals who are not residents of the State of California, individuals applying for employment with Company and/or Company’s third-party business partners

Opt-Out from the Sale of Your Personal Information

Company acts as a data broker, as that term is defined in California Civil Code section 1798.99.80 et seq., with respect to consumer information.  As such, if you are a California resident consumer, you have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties.  To exercise the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties, please submit a verifiable request to us by either:

Clicking here;

Calling us at: 386-256-3836;

Emailing us at:  consumerinquiries@callcoremedia.com; or

Sending us U.S. mail to: Raincalls, 1540 Cornerstone Blvd, Suite 120, Daytona Beach, FL 32117.

We endeavor to act on all opt-out requests as soon as practicable, but in all cases within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of your request.

Shine the Light.  If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to learn how your personal information is shared with third parties, what categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties in the preceding year, as well as the names and addresses of those third parties, please call us at: 386-256-3836; e-mail us at: consumerinquiries@callcoremedia.com; or send us U.S. mail to: Raincalls, 1540 Cornerstone Blvd, Suite 120, Daytona Beach, FL 32117.

Your Nevada Privacy Rights

If you are a resident of the State of Nevada and would like to opt-out from the sale of your personal information to any third party data broker, please call us at: 386-256-3836; e-mail us at: consumerinquiries@callcoremedia.com; or send us U.S. mail to: Raincalls, 1540 Cornerstone Blvd, Suite 120, Daytona Beach, FL 32117.

 

NO ANONYMOUS POSTINGS

The Site hosts require that users post information under their actual given name. We ask that our participating users identify themselves in this manner, and if you object, we request that you refrain from using the Site. We urge you to review your information regularly to ensure that it is correct and complete. If you believe that any of your information is incorrect, or if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us using any of the methods set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” shall mean individually identifiable information from or about an individual that may be associated with or used to identify an individual. We collect personal information when you access certain of the Site Offerings and complete the required information request form and/or otherwise provide such information to us. The type of information we collect may include, but is not limited to: (a) the User’s e-mail address; (b) the User’s full name; (c) the User’s telephone number; (d) personal data required to verify your identity; (e) aggregated personal data related to your visits to the Site; and (f) any other information collected via the Contact Services form.

 

 

USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

By submitting your personal information by and through the Site Offerings, you agree that we may share, sell, rent, lease or otherwise provide that personal information to any third party for any purpose permitted by law, and we may work with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our Users. These businesses and third parties may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (d) direct marketers. We will also use your personal information to send you promotional messages regarding various Company products and/or services, as well as third party products and/or services that we think may be of interest to you.

 

We use the personal information collected to personalize your experience with the Site and to facilitate the delivery of the Site Offerings to you. We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, respond to you, customize your experience with our services and/or contact you when necessary related to your use of services or the Site.

 

You agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the Site Offerings, and to keep you informed of our other products and services.

We may also employ third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from User lists, analyzing and collecting data, providing marketing analysis, data processing, data storage, payment services, technology support and services, customer service, risk solution provision, fraud prevention, and reporting. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our Users’ personal information as needed to perform these functions for us, but we do not permit them to use User personal information for other purposes. These third party partners are legally required to keep your information private and secure. We may also share some of your personal information as otherwise permitted or required by law or as authorized by you.

 

We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our service offerings. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources.

 

By submitting your personal information through the Site, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the “Rule”) and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, even if your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance

 

Where you provide “prior express written consent” within the meaning of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 USC § 227), and its implementing regulations adopted by the Federal Communications Commission (47 CFR § 64.1200), as amended from time-to-time (“TCPA”), you consent to receive telephone calls, including artificial voice calls, pre-recorded messages and/or calls (including SMS text messages) delivered via automated technology, to the telephone number(s) that you provided. Please note that you are not required to provide this consent to obtain access to the Site or our services, and your consent simply allows us to contact you via these means. Please be advised that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to inform us immediately if and when the telephone number that you have previously provided to us changes. Without limiting the foregoing, if you: (i) have your telephone number reassigned to another person or entity; (ii) give up your telephone number so that it is no longer used by you; (iii) port your telephone number to a landline or vice versa; or (iv) otherwise stop using that telephone number for any reason (collectively “Phone Number Change”), you agree that you shall promptly notify Company of the Phone Number Change through one of the contact methods set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.

 

We reserve the right to release current or past personal and non-personal information (defined below): (A) if we believe that the Site Offerings are being or have been used in violation of the Terms and Conditions or to commit unlawful acts or fraud; (B) if the information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; or (C) if we are sold, merge with a third party, are acquired or are the subject of bankruptcy proceedings; provided, however, that if Company is involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information; (D) when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or as appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; (E) to investigate and defend against any third party claims or allegations; (F) to assist government enforcement agencies; (G) to protect the security or integrity of the Website or our services; and (H) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company, its users, agents, or others. The examples contained within this Privacy Policy are illustrations and are not intended to be exclusive.

 

You hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third-party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with applicable law, including the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission. .

 

 

NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED

In addition, we may collect information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or domain, the type and version of your Internet browser software and operating system you use, the date, time, and duration of your online access, the specific pages, buttons, images, links, and forms that you access while visiting the Website, the type of device you use to access the Website (such as a personal computer, iPhone, or iPad), your mobile carrier and/or your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Collection of this data alone does not personally identify you. We use the non-personal information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site Offerings and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze usage of the Site Offerings.

 

 

COOKIES

When a User visits the Site, we send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files (collectively, “Cookies”) to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to your computer. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive or browser containing non-personally identifiable information about you. To find out more about Cookies, please visit cookiecentral.com. We use Cookies to enhance your experience at the Site and to improve the quality of the Site Offerings, including for storing User preferences and tracking Site-User trends (such as pages opened and length of stay at the Site). For security purposes, all of this information is stored in encrypted form. No personal information about you is stored. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.

 

You can set your web browser to inform you when cookies are sent, or to prevent cookies from being sent altogether. Please note that if you decline to use cookies, you may experience reduced functionality and slower Site response times. In some instances, declining to use our authentication-related cookies may prevent you from using some or all of the Site functions and services.

 

Company reserves the right to transfer and/or sell aggregate or group data about Users of the Site Offerings for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage and other characteristics of Site Offerings Users as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information.

 

 

THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

This Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of these third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and Company has no responsibility or liability relating to them.

 

 

SECURITY

The security of your information is very important to us, and we take commercially reasonable steps to safeguard such information. When Users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). Practices include encryption and authentication tools to maintain the confidentiality of user information including secure socket layer (SSL) technology; limits on, to the extent possible, who or what can access your user information; and the use of cookies to help anonymously recognize you as a repeat visitor and to track Site traffic patterns.

 

Further, access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. All of your personal information is restricted in our offices, and the offices of our third party service providers. Only employees or third party agents who have a legitimate business need for User personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information and are required to adhere to our privacy protocols. The servers that we store User personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. The Website is built upon a secure infrastructure with multiple layers of protection, and we use industry-standard encryption technologies to safeguard your information. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. You also play a critical role in protecting your information by maintaining up-to-date computer security protections. Steps you take to ensure the security of your computer, computer passwords, or other personal identifier authentication mechanisms are key components of the protection of your personal information.

 

However, while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet or via wireless networks is fully secured. We cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted, generated or stored in connection with the Site or the security of your personal information. Any transmission of data at or through the Site, other Site Offerings or otherwise via the Internet or wireless networks, is done at your own risk.

 

In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

 

 

CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT AND CAN-SPAM ACT

Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information at the Site. Company does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. Company encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. The Federal Trade Commission enforces the Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) which details what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. For more information on COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission website at www.ftc.gov. We also abide by the CAN-SPAM Act, which sets rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to stop receiving emails, and has tough penalties for violations.

 

 

OPT-OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE

To opt-out of receiving e-mail and other forms of communications from us, you can: (a) follow the instructions included in the applicable e-mail message or other communication; or (b) e-mail us at: p32nicky@gmail.com.

 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you to communicate information relating to your request for Site Offerings, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving Site Offerings-related and/or inquiry response-related messages from Company, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the Site Offerings and/or cease submitting inquiries to Company, as applicable.

 

 

DELETING, MODIFYING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION

At your request, we will: (a) inform you of what personal information we have on file for you; (b) amend the personal information that we have on file for you; and/or (c) remove personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by e-mailing us at: p32nicky@gmail.com . We ask individual Users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).

 

Please be advised that deleting your personal information may terminate your access to certain of the Site Offerings. If you wish to continue using the full complement of Site Offerings, you may not be able to delete all of the personal information that we have on file for you.

 

Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.

 

 

TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION INTERNATIONALLY

Users located outside the United States may access the Site. If you choose to use the Site or access its services from outside of the continental United States with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States, and that by providing your personal information on or through the Site, you consent to that transfer. Even if your jurisdiction does not have the same privacy laws as the jurisdiction where our servers are located, we will treat your information as subject to the protections described in this Privacy Policy.

 

 

CLASS ACTIONS

BY USING THIS SITE, YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURE AGAINST THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS AND THAT ANY DISPUTE WILL BE RESOLVED ONLY BY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, UNLESS THE DISPUTE IS OTHERWISE ELIGIBLE TO BE BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT.

 

 

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

Company reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing our Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personal information changes, Company will notify Users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our Users via email; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.

 

 

CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices in general, you may email us as at: p32nicky@gmail.com ; call us at: 386 256 3836;

 

Last Updated: March 24. 2023